Please don't attempt to make requests if the system is off.
If you find the system is off, get in touch with me and I'll figure it out from there. Do NOT, however, repeatedly contact me; once is enough usually.
Only make your request ONCE.
Please don't duplicate requests. I keep them up for a reason!
Duplicate requests from the same or differing users will be declined. Repeat offenders will be banned.
If anonymous and/or open requesting mode is on, please don't abuse it and ruin it for everyone.
Users caught abusing this system will be subject to bans of varying severity in accordance with the circumstances.
Username bans can potentially be lifted. Profane usernames, or usernames with which particularly troublesome behavior has been noted, will not be lifted. Users using these names may be allowed back.
Users caught evading username bans will be subject to immediate IP bans.
IP bans are permanent, with zero grounds for reinstatement (with the exception of fringe cases where operator error took place).
Attempting to hijack this system will result in an immediate IP ban and notification of the relevant authorities. Spam will earn you the same thing. Don't try it.
Requests may or may not be accepted or declined during a show. Please do note this.
Begging, pleading, and crying to get your request played will have the opposite effect, even if it is in this system.
Please do not suggest means of obtaining music such as YouTube. I have no way to do this, and even if I did, I still would not do it. I like to maintain a level of professionalism to my show.
This system has backend support for logging. Logging will track everything you do. If this is undesirable it is in your best interest to not use this system.
This system is not for use as a chit-chat system, or for any other purpose that is not requesting music. Repeat offenders will be banned.
You may not administer this system. Period. Only I may have administrator duties.
Bugs should be reported as soon as they are found. Resolutions are even better. Do the right thing!
Do not complain about rules. They are in place so everyone is on the same page as to what is acceptable and what is not.
This system is always in testing, and may disappear at any time, most importantly if it becomes clear that it is just going to be abused.